c:\users\nihogb\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SlimDXTest\SlimDXTest\bin\Debug\SlimDXTest.exe.config
c:\users\nihogb\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SlimDXTest\SlimDXTest\bin\Debug\SlimDXTest.exe
c:\users\nihogb\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SlimDXTest\SlimDXTest\bin\Debug\SlimDXTest.pdb
c:\users\nihogb\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SlimDXTest\SlimDXTest\bin\Debug\SlimDX.dll
c:\users\nihogb\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SlimDXTest\SlimDXTest\bin\Debug\SlimDX.pdb
c:\users\nihogb\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SlimDXTest\SlimDXTest\bin\Debug\SlimDX.xml
c:\users\nihogb\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SlimDXTest\SlimDXTest\obj\Debug\SlimDXTest.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\nihogb\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SlimDXTest\SlimDXTest\obj\Debug\SlimDXTest.Form1.resources
c:\users\nihogb\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SlimDXTest\SlimDXTest\obj\Debug\SlimDXTest.Properties.Resources.resources
c:\users\nihogb\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SlimDXTest\SlimDXTest\obj\Debug\SlimDXTest.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
c:\users\nihogb\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SlimDXTest\SlimDXTest\obj\Debug\SlimDXTest.exe
c:\users\nihogb\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SlimDXTest\SlimDXTest\obj\Debug\SlimDXTest.pdb
c:\users\nihogb\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SlimDXTest\SlimDXTest\bin\Debug\OculusRift.fx
c:\users\nihogb\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SlimDXTest\SlimDXTest\bin\Debug\Images\checkerboard.jpg
c:\users\nihogb\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SlimDXTest\SlimDXTest\bin\Debug\Images\checkerboard2560x720RedGreen.jpg
c:\users\nihogb\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SlimDXTest\SlimDXTest\bin\Debug\Images\checkerboardGreen.jpg
c:\users\nihogb\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SlimDXTest\SlimDXTest\bin\Debug\Images\checkerboardRed.jpg
c:\users\nihogb\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SlimDXTest\SlimDXTest\bin\Debug\Images\checkerboardRedGreen.jpg
c:\users\nihogb\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SlimDXTest\SlimDXTest\bin\Debug\Images\CheckerboardLeft.jpg
c:\users\nihogb\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SlimDXTest\SlimDXTest\bin\Debug\Images\CheckerboardRight.jpg
c:\users\nihogb\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SlimDXTest\SlimDXTest\bin\Debug\OculusRiftPS.fx
c:\users\nihogb\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SlimDXTest\SlimDXTest\bin\Debug\OculusRiftWarp.fx
c:\users\nihogb\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SlimDXTest\SlimDXTest\bin\Debug\Images\LeftEye.jpg
c:\users\nihogb\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SlimDXTest\SlimDXTest\bin\Debug\Images\RightEye.jpg
c:\users\nihogb\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SlimDXTest\SlimDXTest\obj\Debug\SlimDXTest.CameraSelection.resources
c:\users\nihogb\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SlimDXTest\SlimDXTest\bin\Debug\DirectShowLib-2005.dll
C:\Users\nihogb\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\SlimDXTest\SlimDXTest\obj\Debug\SlimDXTest.Test.resources
C:\Users\nihogb\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\SlimDXTest\SlimDXTest\bin\Debug\FFMpegWrapper.dll
C:\Users\nihogb\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\SlimDXTest\SlimDXTest\bin\Debug\FFMpegWrapper.pdb
C:\Users\nihogb\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\SlimDXTest\SlimDXTest\bin\Debug\PlainPS.fx
